Guide to start using Sketcher:
	When user start the program a window will appear with 
	two buttons. The first button "Create new" is to start
	new file. the second button "Open" is to open an existing 
	file.

Draw walls, windows and doors:
	To draw a wall, users have to click on the "Draw Wall" button first. 
	After that with the mouse click on the start point of the 
	wall, drag the and release the mouse button to mark the end
	point of the wall.
	To draw windows press the button "Add window" and a window 
	shape will appear on the program panel.
	To draw doors press the button "Add door" and a door
	shape will appear on the program panel.

Rotate windows and doors:
	To be able to rotate windows or doors, the user have to
	active the button with the rotate logo. After that 
	move the mouse to shape and press on the shape. The shape 
	will rotate 90 degree clockwise.

Remove walls,windows and doors:	
	To be able to Remove one of this three shape, the user have 
	to press first on the button with the remove logo. After that 
	move the mouse to shape and press on the shape with the left
	mouse button. The shape will be removed from the program 
	panel. 

Move windows and doors:
	To be able to move windows or doors, the user have to
	active the button with the arrow logo. After that press
	and hold the mouse button on the shape. Drag the mouse to 
	the desired position and the shape will move to this position.

Change to Add furniture panel:
	Press on tools and then on "Add furniture". 

Add furniture shape to the program panel:
	Press one of the buttons that have a furniture name 
	(Dresser, Dining Table.. etc), a furniture will be 
	drawn to the program panel.

Rotate furniture:
	To be able to rotate furniture shape, user have to
	active the button with the rotate logo. After that 
	move the mouse to shape and press on the shape. The shape 
	will rotate 90 degree clockwise.

Remove furniture from the program panel:
	To be able to Remove one of this furniture on the program 
	panel, the user have to press first on the button with remove 
	sempole. After that move the mouse to the shape and press on the   
	shape with the left mouse button. The shape will be removed 
	from the program panel.

Move furniture on the program panel:	
	To be able to move furniture, the user have to active the
	button with the arrow logo. After that press and hold the
	mouse button on the shape. Drag the mouse to the desired
	position and the shape will move to this position.

Show and hide shopping list:
	To display the shopping list press on the button with
	shopping basket sempole. To remove the shopping list
	press again on the button with the shopping basket logo.

Save and load:
	To save data users have to choose. The first one is 
	to save when exiting the program. The second one is
	by choosing save from Tools.
	User do not need to write any extension to the file, 
	just write the name of the file and the data will be
	saved to it.
	To load data user can do that when entering the program 
	by pressing on open, and then choose the file.	  

